README.md, before:

# 🎧 Savel

Sävel (_music note_, _melody_ in Finnish) is a open-source application that connects different music services and
provides a unified experience to follow your favorite artists.

## How to build the Backend

### 1. Create a configuration file with the API keys

Each service requires a set of keys in order to send requests. The keys are stored in a configuration file that is not
tracked by the version control system. The file must be created in the following path:

```
../src/main/resources/secrets.conf
```

The file must have the following structure:

```hocon
service {
    google {
        projectId = "<my-google-cloud-project-id>"
    }
}

api {
    spotify {
        clientId = "<my-client-id>"
        clientSecret = "<my-client-secret>"
    }
}
```

### 2. Generate a shadowJar

The project uses the Gradle build system and the shadowJar plugin to generate a fat jar with all dependencies. To
generate the jar, run the following command:

```shell
./gradlew shadowJar
```

### 3. Build the Docker image

The project provides a Dockerfile to build the image. To build the image, run the following command:

```shell
docker buildx build --platform linux/amd64 -t igorescodro/savel:latest --load .
```

## License

```
Copyright 2024 Igor Escodro

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

Commit message:

📝 Update README with local Docker run instructions
Now the Firestore is integrated, additional steps needs to be taken to
run the Docker image locally. The Google Cloud Default Credential is
required to be in the image. When the image is on Google Cloud Run, the
service will get the JSON automatically, so no extra step is needed.

README.md, after:

# 🎧 Savel

Sävel (_music note_, _melody_ in Finnish) is a open-source application that connects different music services and
provides a unified experience to follow your favorite artists.

## How to build the Backend

### 1. Create a configuration file with the API keys

Each service requires a set of keys in order to send requests. The keys are stored in a configuration file that is not
tracked by the version control system. The file must be created in the following path:

```
../src/main/resources/secrets.conf
```

The file must have the following structure:

```hocon
service {
    google {
        projectId = "<my-google-cloud-project-id>"
    }
}

api {
    spotify {
        clientId = "<my-client-id>"
        clientSecret = "<my-client-secret>"
    }
}
```

### 2. Generate a shadowJar

The project uses the Gradle build system and the shadowJar plugin to generate a fat jar with all dependencies. To
generate the jar, run the following command:

```shell
./gradlew shadowJar
```

### 3. Build the Docker image

The project provides a Dockerfile to build the image. To build the image, run the following command:

```shell
docker buildx build --platform linux/amd64 -t igorescodro/savel:<version> --load .
```

### 4. Run the Docker image locally

To run the image locally, a Google Cloud Default Credential is required. To generate this file locally, run the
following command:

```shell
gcloud auth application-default login
```

After the login, the file `~/.config/gcloud/application_default_credentials.json` will be created. To run the image, run
the following command:

```shell
docker run -e GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS=/app/application_default_credentials.json \
    -v ~/.config/gcloud/application_default_credentials.json:/app/application_default_credentials.json \
    -p 8080:8080 igorescodro/savel:<version>
``` 

## License

```

Copyright 2024 Igor Escodro

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

```
